In last lectures we added a lot of routing functionality to our app.
It's looking pretty good.
We get all the main pieces tied together.
One thing I want to bring to your attention again is we are subscribing to parents year into detail
component and then the added component.
Now as I explained you don't need to clean up the subscription here I just want to bring it to your
attention again.
In other cases where you use your own observables observables you created and not managed by angler.
Therefore you will need to clean up the subscription.
So definitely keep that in mind if you work with your own observables here for now.
We can simply proceed with the set up and let angler do the cleanup work